September 27 executive copy (#2754)
makerdao/community: governance/votes/Executive Vote - September 27, 2024.md

---

> title: Template - [Executive Vote] SBE Updates, Sky Ecosystem Liquidity Bootstrapping, Aligned Delegate Compensation, and Spark Proxy Spell - September 27, 2024

Reviewer: Convention is to specify the month and year

```suggestion
title: Template - [Executive Vote] SBE Updates, Sky Ecosystem Liquidity Bootstrapping, August 2024 Aligned Delegate Compensation, and Spark Proxy Spell - September 27, 2024
```

> summary: Smart Burn Engine Parameter Updates, USDS and SKY Transfers for Sky Ecosystem Liquidity Bootrapping, August MKR and DAI Aligned Delegate Compensation, and trigger Spark Proxy Spell.

Reviewer: The SBE changes are more than parameter updates. It is an entirely new contract deployment that is changing from buy-and-make to buy-and-burn

date: 2024-09-27T00:00:00.000Z
address: "$spell_address"

---

> # [Executive Proposal] SBE Updates, Sky Ecosystem Liquidity Bootstrapping, Aligned Delegate Compensation, and Spark Proxy Spell - September 27, 2024

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# [Executive Proposal] SBE Updates, Sky Ecosystem Liquidity Bootstrapping, August 2024 Aligned Delegate Compensation, and Spark Proxy Spell - September 27, 2024
```

> The Governance Facilitators, Dewiz, and Sidestream have placed an executive proposal into the voting system. MKR/SKY Holders should vote for this proposal if they support the following alterations to the Sky Protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Governance Facilitators, Sidestream, and Dewiz have placed an executive proposal into the voting system. MKR/SKY Holders should vote for this proposal if they support the following alterations to the Sky Protocol.
```

If you are new to voting in the Sky Protocol, please see the [voting guide](https://manual.makerdao.com/governance/voting-in-makerdao/on-chain-governance) to learn how voting works.

---

## Executive Summary

If this executive proposal passes, the following **actions** will occur within the Sky Protocol:

> - Smart Burn Engine Parameter Updates.

Reviewer: See above regarding the SBE changes

- Distribute **124,745 DAI** and **29.46 MKR** for August Aligned Delegate Compensation.
- Trigger Spark Proxy Spell at [0xc80621140bEe6A105C180Ae7cb0a084c2409C738](https://etherscan.io/address/0xc80621140bEe6A105C180Ae7cb0a084c2409C738).

**Voting for this executive proposal will place your governance tokens in support of the actions outlined above.**

Unless otherwise noted, the actions listed above are subject to the [GSM Pause Delay](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.1.8.2.1_Pause_Delay-a98b8227-95f6-4711-9d8d-f52cbc6ad2d0|0db30758e055). This means that if this executive proposal passes, the changes and additions listed above will only become active in the Sky Protocol after the GSM Pause Delay has expired. The GSM Pause Delay is currently set to [**16 hours**](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.1.8.2.1.2_Pause_Delay_Current_Value-09d2514b-3169-4755-a654-2c774456980d|0db30758e055d2d0).

This executive proposal includes an office-hours modifier that means that it **can only be executed between 14:00 and 21:00 UTC, Monday - Friday**. 

If this executive proposal does not pass within 30 days, then it will expire and can no longer have any effect on the Sky Protocol.

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

---

## Proposal Details

> ### Smart Burn Engine (SBE) Parameter Updates

Reviewer: See above - this is not just parameters

- **Authorization**: [Ecosystem Approval](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/smart-burn-engine-transaction-analysis-and-parameter-reconfiguration-update-9/25078/2), [Poll 1140](https://vote.makerdao.com/polling/QmSxswGN)  
- **Proposal**: [Forum Post](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/smart-burn-engine-transaction-analysis-and-parameter-reconfiguration-update-9/25078)

> If this executive proposal passes, then the SBE Parameters will be updated through the following contract actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this executive proposal passes, a new [SwapOnly Flapper](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/smart-burn-engine-transaction-analysis-and-parameter-reconfiguration-update-9/25078#p-98910-change-to-the-flapper-strategy-9) will be initialized through the following contract actions:
```

> #### Flapper Calls

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Flapper Initialization
```

> Initialisation of new Flapper by calling [FlapperInit.initFlapperUniV2](https://github.com/makerdao/dss-flappers/blob/master/deploy/FlapperInit.sol#L22) with the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initialization of new SwapOnly Flapper by calling [FlapperInit.initFlapperUniV2](https://github.com/makerdao/dss-flappers/blob/master/deploy/FlapperInit.sol#L22) with the following parameters:
```

> - flapper_: FlapperUniV2SwapOnly ([0x374D9c3d5134052Bc558F432Afa1df6575f07407](https://etherscan.io/address/0x374D9c3d5134052Bc558F432Afa1df6575f07407))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `flapper_`: FlapperUniV2SwapOnly ([0x374D9c3d5134052Bc558F432Afa1df6575f07407](https://etherscan.io/address/0x374D9c3d5134052Bc558F432Afa1df6575f07407))
```

> - want: 0.98 * WAD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`want`](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.5.1.1.3.2_Want_Parameter-1ec80531-927e-4fd5-89b0-1b4a1a1fb86b|57ea2c549207d9fe7d45): **0.98 * WAD**
```

> - pip: SWAP_ONLY_FLAP_SKY_ORACLE ([0x61A12E5b1d5E9CC1302a32f0df1B5451DE6AE437](https://etherscan.io/address/0x61A12E5b1d5E9CC1302a32f0df1B5451DE6AE437))
> - pair: PAIR_USDS_SKY ([0x2621CC0B3F3c079c1Db0E80794AA24976F0b9e3c](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2621CC0B3F3c079c1Db0E80794AA24976F0b9e3c))
> - usds: dss.chainlog.getAddress("USDS")
> - splitter: dss.chainlog.getAddress("MCD_SPLIT")
> - prevChainlogKey: bytes32(0)
> - chainlogKey: "MCD_FLAP"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`pip`](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.5.1.1.3.4_Pip_Parameter-dee4b9b5-022c-443a-b4ea-0c265243cc04|57ea2c549207d9fe7d45): SWAP_ONLY_FLAP_SKY_ORACLE ([0x61A12E5b1d5E9CC1302a32f0df1B5451DE6AE437](https://etherscan.io/address/0x61A12E5b1d5E9CC1302a32f0df1B5451DE6AE437))
- `pair`: PAIR_USDS_SKY ([0x2621CC0B3F3c079c1Db0E80794AA24976F0b9e3c](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2621CC0B3F3c079c1Db0E80794AA24976F0b9e3c))
- `usds`: dss.chainlog.getAddress("USDS")
- `splitter`: dss.chainlog.getAddress("MCD_SPLIT")
- `prevChainlogKey`: bytes32(0)
- `chainlogKey`: "MCD_FLAP"
```

#### Oracle Wrapper

Initialisation of new OracleWrapper by calling [FlapperInit.initOracleWrapper](https://github.com/makerdao/dss-flappers/blob/master/deploy/FlapperInit.sol#L38) with the following parameters:

> - wrapper_: SWAP_ONLY_FLAP_SKY_ORACLE ([0x61A12E5b1d5E9CC1302a32f0df1B5451DE6AE437](https://etherscan.io/address/0x61A12E5b1d5E9CC1302a32f0df1B5451DE6AE437))
> - divisor: 24,000
> - clKey: "FLAP_SKY_ORACLE"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `wrapper_`: SWAP_ONLY_FLAP_SKY_ORACLE ([0x61A12E5b1d5E9CC1302a32f0df1B5451DE6AE437](https://etherscan.io/address/0x61A12E5b1d5E9CC1302a32f0df1B5451DE6AE437))
- `divisor`: 24,000
- `clKey`: "FLAP_SKY_ORACLE"
```

#### Additional Actions

Additionally, the following parameters will updated by this spell:

> - Increase the [hop parameter (vow.hop)](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.5.1.1.3.1_Hop_Parameter-f9c3ba0f-3f7a-4222-9df8-efb0bc69433e%7C57ea2c549207d9fe7d45) by 1,386 seconds from 10,249 seconds to **11,635 seconds**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Increase the [hop parameter (`vow.hop`)](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.5.1.1.3.1_Hop_Parameter-f9c3ba0f-3f7a-4222-9df8-efb0bc69433e%7C57ea2c549207d9fe7d45) by 1,386 seconds from 10,249 seconds to **11,635 seconds**.
```

> - Decrease the [bump parameter (vow.bump)](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.5.1.1.3.3_Bump_Parameter-512d164c-e60a-4054-850f-96285479901b%7C57ea2c549207d9fe7d45) by 40,000 USDS from 65,000 USDS to **25,000 USDS**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Decrease the [bump parameter (`vow.bump`)](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.5.1.1.3.3_Bump_Parameter-512d164c-e60a-4054-850f-96285479901b%7C57ea2c549207d9fe7d45) by 40,000 USDS from 65,000 USDS to **25,000 USDS**.
```

### Sky Ecosystem Liquidity Bootstrapping

- **Authorization**: [Delegate Poll Request](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/atlas-edit-weekly-cycle-proposal-week-of-2024-09-23/25179/7), [Poll 1144](https://vote.makerdao.com/polling/QmfYzKTh)  
- **Proposal**: [Forum Post](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/atlas-edit-weekly-cycle-proposal-week-of-2024-09-23/25179)

> If this executive proposal passes, then **10 million USDS** and **320 million SKY** will be transferred to Sky Ecosystem Liquidity Bootstrapping at [0xD8507ef0A59f37d15B5D7b630FA6EEa40CE4AFdD](https://etherscan.io/address/0xD8507ef0A59f37d15B5D7b630FA6EEa40CE4AFdD).

Reviewer: If it's not included we will be asked to add it.

```suggestion
If this executive proposal passes, then **10 million USDS** and **320 million SKY** will be transferred to the Sky Ecosystem Liquidity Bootstrapping multisig at [0xD8507ef0A59f37d15B5D7b630FA6EEa40CE4AFdD](https://etherscan.io/address/0xD8507ef0A59f37d15B5D7b630FA6EEa40CE4AFdD).

To facilitate the transfer of USDS the following actions will occur:
-  Transfer 10 million Dai from the Surplus Buffer to the Pause Proxy.
- Convert this Dai to USDS using the DAI_USDS converter.
- Transfer the resulting 10 million USDS to the destination address.

To facilitate the transfer of SKY the following actions will occur:
- Convert 13,334 MKR held within the Pause Proxy to SKY using the MKR_SKY converter.
- Transfer 320,000,000 SKY to the destination address.
  ```

### Aligned Delegate Compensation

> - **Authorization**: [Atlas A.1.5.5](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.1.5.5_Eligibility_To_Receive_Budget-5c9662be-9fc4-4b58-aef0-ca3e0bf56039|0db3af4ece0c)

Reviewer: We had linked the old Atlas in the sheet since this is using the methodology described there

- **Proposal**: [Forum Post](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/august-2024-aligned-delegate-compensation/25165)

If this executive proposal passes, then a total of **124,745 DAI** and **29.46 MKR** will be distributed to six Aligned Delegates and their teams as compensation for August 2024.

#### DAI Distributions

| Delegate          | Amount (DAI) | Address                                                                                                               |
|-------------------|--------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | BLUE              | 54,167       | [0xb6c09680d822f162449cdfb8248a7d3fc26ec9bf](https://etherscan.io/address/0xb6c09680d822f162449cdfb8248a7d3fc26ec9bf) |

Reviewer: use checksummed address

```suggestion
| BLUE              | 54,167       | [0xb6C09680D822F162449cdFB8248a7D3FC26Ec9Bf](https://etherscan.io/address/0xb6C09680D822F162449cdFB8248a7D3FC26Ec9Bf) |
```

| Ennoia (Cloaky)   | 10,000       | [0xA7364a1738D0bB7D1911318Ca3FB3779A8A58D7b](https://etherscan.io/address/0xA7364a1738D0bB7D1911318Ca3FB3779A8A58D7b) |
| JuliaChang        | 8,333        | [0x252abAEe2F4f4b8D39E5F12b163eDFb7fac7AED7](https://etherscan.io/address/0x252abAEe2F4f4b8D39E5F12b163eDFb7fac7AED7) |
| Byteron           | 8,333        | [0xc2982e72D060cab2387Dba96b846acb8c96EfF66](https://etherscan.io/address/0xc2982e72D060cab2387Dba96b846acb8c96EfF66) |
| Rocky             | 8,065        | [0xC31637BDA32a0811E39456A59022D2C386cb2C85](https://etherscan.io/address/0xC31637BDA32a0811E39456A59022D2C386cb2C85) |
| BONAPUBLICA       | 5,430        | [0x167c1a762B08D7e78dbF8f24e5C3f1Ab415021D3](https://etherscan.io/address/0x167c1a762B08D7e78dbF8f24e5C3f1Ab415021D3) |

#### MKR Distributions

| Delegate     | Amount (MKR) | Address                                                                                                               |
|--------------|--------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | BLUE         |        13.75 | [0xb6c09680d822f162449cdfb8248a7d3fc26ec9bf](https://etherscan.io/address/0xb6c09680d822f162449cdfb8248a7d3fc26ec9bf) |

Reviewer: use checksummed address

```suggestion
| BLUE         |        13.75 | [0xb6C09680D822F162449cdFB8248a7D3FC26Ec9Bf](https://etherscan.io/address/0xb6C09680D822F162449cdFB8248a7D3FC26Ec9Bf) |
```

| Cloaky       |        12.00 | [0x869b6d5d8FA7f4FFdaCA4D23FFE0735c5eD1F818](https://etherscan.io/address/0x869b6d5d8FA7f4FFdaCA4D23FFE0735c5eD1F818) |
| JuliaChang   |         1.25 | [0x252abAEe2F4f4b8D39E5F12b163eDFb7fac7AED7](https://etherscan.io/address/0x252abAEe2F4f4b8D39E5F12b163eDFb7fac7AED7) |
| Byteron      |         1.25 | [0xc2982e72D060cab2387Dba96b846acb8c96EfF66](https://etherscan.io/address/0xc2982e72D060cab2387Dba96b846acb8c96EfF66) |
| Rocky        |         1.21 | [0xC31637BDA32a0811E39456A59022D2C386cb2C85](https://etherscan.io/address/0xC31637BDA32a0811E39456A59022D2C386cb2C85) |

> ### Trigger Spark Proxy Spell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Spark Proxy Spell
```

- **Authorization**: [Ecosystem Approval](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/sep-12-2024-proposed-changes-to-spark-for-upcoming-spell/25076/3), [Poll 1141](https://vote.makerdao.com/polling/QmPFkXna#poll-detail)  
- **Proposal**: [Forum Post](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/sep-12-2024-proposed-changes-to-spark-for-upcoming-spell/25076)

> If this executive proposal passes, then the Spark Proxy Spell, prepared by Wonderland, Phoenix Labs, and Certora, at address [0xc80621140bEe6A105C180Ae7cb0a084c2409C738](https://etherscan.io/address/0xc80621140bEe6A105C180Ae7cb0a084c2409C738) will be triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this executive proposal passes, then the Spark Proxy Spell, prepared by Phoenix Labs, and reviewed by Wonderland and Certora, at address [0xc80621140bEe6A105C180Ae7cb0a084c2409C738](https://etherscan.io/address/0xc80621140bEe6A105C180Ae7cb0a084c2409C738) will be triggered.
```

> #### Collateral Onboarding of cbBTC

Reviewer: Clarify that this is for mainnet

> If this executive proposal passes, the Sprak Proxy Spell will onboard cbBTC as discussed in this [forum post](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/sep-12-2024-proposed-changes-to-spark-for-upcoming-spell/25076).

Reviewer: add onboarding parameters please.

See https://vote.makerdao.com/executive/template-executive-vote-sbe-parameters-update-launch-project-funding-spark-proxy-spell-june-27-2024 as an example

> If this executive proposal passes, the Sprak Proxy Spell will onboard cbBTC as discussed in this [forum post](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/sep-12-2024-proposed-changes-to-spark-for-upcoming-spell/25076).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this executive proposal passes, the Spark Proxy Spell will onboard cbBTC as discussed in this [forum post](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/sep-12-2024-proposed-changes-to-spark-for-upcoming-spell/25076).
```

---
title: Template - [Executive Vote] SBE Reconfiguration, Sky Ecosystem Liquidity Bootstrapping, August 2024 Aligned Delegate Compensation, and Spark Proxy Spell - September 27, 2024

> summary: Smart Burn Engine reconfiguration with updated parameters, USDS and SKY Transfers for Sky Ecosystem Liquidity Bootrapping, August MKR and DAI Aligned Delegate Compensation, and trigger Spark Proxy Spell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Smart Burn Engine reconfiguration with updated parameters, USDS and SKY Transfers for Sky Ecosystem Liquidity Bootstrapping, August MKR and DAI Aligned Delegate Compensation, and trigger Spark Proxy Spell.
```

#### Flapper Initialization

Initialization of new SwapOnly Flapper by calling [FlapperInit.initFlapperUniV2](https://github.com/makerdao/dss-flappers/blob/master/deploy/FlapperInit.sol#L22) with the following parameters:

- `flapper_`: FlapperUniV2SwapOnly ([0x374D9c3d5134052Bc558F432Afa1df6575f07407](https://etherscan.io/address/0x374D9c3d5134052Bc558F432Afa1df6575f07407))
- [`want`](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.5.1.1.3.2_Want_Parameter-1ec80531-927e-4fd5-89b0-1b4a1a1fb86b|57ea2c549207d9fe7d45): **0.98 * WAD**
- [`pip`](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.5.1.1.3.4_Pip_Parameter-dee4b9b5-022c-443a-b4ea-0c265243cc04|57ea2c549207d9fe7d45): SWAP_ONLY_FLAP_SKY_ORACLE ([0x61A12E5b1d5E9CC1302a32f0df1B5451DE6AE437](https://etherscan.io/address/0x61A12E5b1d5E9CC1302a32f0df1B5451DE6AE437))
- `pair`: PAIR_USDS_SKY ([0x2621CC0B3F3c079c1Db0E80794AA24976F0b9e3c](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2621CC0B3F3c079c1Db0E80794AA24976F0b9e3c))
- `usds`: dss.chainlog.getAddress("USDS")
- `splitter`: dss.chainlog.getAddress("MCD_SPLIT")
- `prevChainlogKey`: bytes32(0)
- `chainlogKey`: "MCD_FLAP"

#### Oracle Wrapper

> Initialisation of new OracleWrapper by calling [FlapperInit.initOracleWrapper](https://github.com/makerdao/dss-flappers/blob/master/deploy/FlapperInit.sol#L38) with the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initialization of new OracleWrapper by calling [FlapperInit.initOracleWrapper](https://github.com/makerdao/dss-flappers/blob/master/deploy/FlapperInit.sol#L38) with the following parameters:
```

- `wrapper_`: SWAP_ONLY_FLAP_SKY_ORACLE ([0x61A12E5b1d5E9CC1302a32f0df1B5451DE6AE437](https://etherscan.io/address/0x61A12E5b1d5E9CC1302a32f0df1B5451DE6AE437))
- `divisor`: 24,000
- `clKey`: "FLAP_SKY_ORACLE"

#### Additional Actions

> Additionally, the following parameters will updated by this spell:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the following parameters will updated if this executive proposal passes:
```

This executive proposal includes an office-hours modifier that means that it **can only be executed between 14:00 and 21:00 UTC, Monday - Friday**. 

If this executive proposal does not pass within 30 days, then it will expire and can no longer have any effect on the Sky Protocol.
---

## Proposal Details

### Smart Burn Engine (SBE) Reconfiguration

- **Authorization**: [Ecosystem Approval](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/smart-burn-engine-transaction-analysis-and-parameter-reconfiguration-update-9/25078/2), [Poll 1140](https://vote.makerdao.com/polling/QmSxswGN)  
- **Proposal**: [Forum Post](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/smart-burn-engine-transaction-analysis-and-parameter-reconfiguration-update-9/25078)

> If this executive proposal passes, a new [SwapOnly Flapper](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/smart-burn-engine-transaction-analysis-and-parameter-reconfiguration-update-9/25078#p-98910-change-to-the-flapper-strategy-9) will be initialized. This [reconfiguration](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/smart-burn-engine-transaction-analysis-and-parameter-reconfiguration-update-9/25078) takes the SBE from a buy-and-make to a buy-and-burn model through the following contract actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this executive proposal passes, a new [SwapOnly Flapper](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/smart-burn-engine-transaction-analysis-and-parameter-reconfiguration-update-9/25078#p-98910-change-to-the-flapper-strategy-9) will be initialized. This [reconfiguration](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/smart-burn-engine-transaction-analysis-and-parameter-reconfiguration-update-9/25078) changes the SBE from a buy-and-make to a buy-and-accumulate model through the following contract actions. Accumulated tokens will be held in the [Pause Proxy](https://etherscan.io/address/0xbe8e3e3618f7474f8cb1d074a26affef007e98fb).
```

#### Flapper Initialization

> Initialization of new SwapOnly Flapper by calling [FlapperInit.initFlapperUniV2](https://github.com/makerdao/dss-flappers/blob/master/deploy/FlapperInit.sol#L67) with the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initialization of the new SwapOnly Flapper will be performed by calling [FlapperInit.initFlapperUniV2](https://github.com/makerdao/dss-flappers/blob/master/deploy/FlapperInit.sol#L67) with the following parameters:
```

- `flapper_`: FlapperUniV2SwapOnly ([0x374D9c3d5134052Bc558F432Afa1df6575f07407](https://etherscan.io/address/0x374D9c3d5134052Bc558F432Afa1df6575f07407))
- [`want`](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.5.1.1.3.2_Want_Parameter-1ec80531-927e-4fd5-89b0-1b4a1a1fb86b|57ea2c549207d9fe7d45): **0.98 * WAD**
- [`pip`](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.5.1.1.3.4_Pip_Parameter-dee4b9b5-022c-443a-b4ea-0c265243cc04|57ea2c549207d9fe7d45): SWAP_ONLY_FLAP_SKY_ORACLE ([0x61A12E5b1d5E9CC1302a32f0df1B5451DE6AE437](https://etherscan.io/address/0x61A12E5b1d5E9CC1302a32f0df1B5451DE6AE437))
- `pair`: PAIR_USDS_SKY ([0x2621CC0B3F3c079c1Db0E80794AA24976F0b9e3c](https://etherscan.io/address/0x2621CC0B3F3c079c1Db0E80794AA24976F0b9e3c))
- `usds`: dss.chainlog.getAddress("USDS")
- `splitter`: dss.chainlog.getAddress("MCD_SPLIT")
- `prevChainlogKey`: bytes32(0)
- `chainlogKey`: "MCD_FLAP"

#### Oracle Wrapper

> Initialization of new OracleWrapper by calling [FlapperInit.initOracleWrapper](https://github.com/makerdao/dss-flappers/blob/master/deploy/FlapperInit.sol#L111) with the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initialization of the new OracleWrapper will be performed by calling [FlapperInit.initOracleWrapper](https://github.com/makerdao/dss-flappers/blob/master/deploy/FlapperInit.sol#L111) with the following parameters:
```

- Increase the [hop parameter (`vow.hop`)](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.5.1.1.3.1_Hop_Parameter-f9c3ba0f-3f7a-4222-9df8-efb0bc69433e%7C57ea2c549207d9fe7d45) by 1,386 seconds from 10,249 seconds to **11,635 seconds**.
- Decrease the [bump parameter (`vow.bump`)](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.5.1.1.3.3_Bump_Parameter-512d164c-e60a-4054-850f-96285479901b%7C57ea2c549207d9fe7d45) by 40,000 USDS from 65,000 USDS to **25,000 USDS**.

### Sky Ecosystem Liquidity Bootstrapping

- **Authorization**: [Delegate Poll Request](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/atlas-edit-weekly-cycle-proposal-week-of-2024-09-23/25179/7), [Poll 1144](https://vote.makerdao.com/polling/QmfYzKTh)  
- **Proposal**: [Forum Post](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/atlas-edit-weekly-cycle-proposal-week-of-2024-09-23/25179)

If this executive proposal passes, then **10 million USDS** and **320 million SKY** will be transferred to the Sky Ecosystem Liquidity Bootstrapping multisig at [0xD8507ef0A59f37d15B5D7b630FA6EEa40CE4AFdD](https://etherscan.io/address/0xD8507ef0A59f37d15B5D7b630FA6EEa40CE4AFdD).

To facilitate the transfer of USDS the following actions will occur:

> -  Transfer 10 million Dai from the Surplus Buffer to the Pause Proxy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Transfer 10 million Dai from the [Surplus Buffer](https://manual.makerdao.com/parameter-index/core/param-system-surplus-buffer) to the [Pause Proxy](https://docs.makerdao.com/smart-contract-modules/governance-module/pause-detailed-documentation).
```

Reviewer: https://github.com/MakerJanSky/community/commit/5dd8edabc0bfbdcd781e55ff9d2896f7b594f19a

> -  Transfer 10 million Dai from the Surplus Buffer to the Pause Proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Transfer 10 million Dai from the Surplus Buffer to the Pause Proxy.
```

> - Convert this Dai to USDS using the DAI_USDS converter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Convert this Dai to USDS using the [DAI_USDS](https://etherscan.io/address/0x3225737a9Bbb6473CB4a45b7244ACa2BeFdB276A) converter.
```

- Transfer the resulting 10 million USDS to the destination address.

To facilitate the transfer of SKY the following actions will occur:

> - Convert 13,334 MKR held within the Pause Proxy to SKY using the MKR_SKY converter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Convert 13,334 MKR held within the [Pause Proxy](https://docs.makerdao.com/smart-contract-modules/governance-module/pause-detailed-documentation) to SKY using the [MKR_SKY](https://etherscan.io/address/0xBDcFCA946b6CDd965f99a839e4435Bcdc1bc470B) converter.
```

Reviewer: https://github.com/MakerJanSky/community/commit/5dd8edabc0bfbdcd781e55ff9d2896f7b594f19a

- Oracle: [Chronicle Labs BTC/USD](https://chroniclelabs.org/dashboard/oracle/BTC/USD?blockchain=ETH&txn=0xe9ff73bad08cd1efc4773a2ccb0b43a39c441a8a5d0b180bd5ad5d20ac096016&contract=0x24C392CDbF32Cf911B258981a66d5541d85269ce)
- Oracle Provider: Chronicle Labs
- [Optimal Utilization](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.8.1.5.1.11_Optimal_Utilization_Definition-7dd3b868-b5c1-4f16-b997-8fb35a971ab1|57eaf45219be608847d6): **60%**
- [Base](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.8.1.5.1.13_Base_Rate_Definition-3ea70be9-6d09-4e25-8025-a0235dd71c28|57eaf45219be608847d6): **0%**
- [Slope1](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.8.1.5.1.15_Slope_1_Definition-20c3c3c3-432e-48ac-8336-86b8345f920e|57eaf45219be608847d6): **4%**
- [Slope2](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.8.1.5.1.16_Slope_2_Definition-e5bb5c04-c9f1-4f85-bd45-1d36269482fe|57eaf45219be608847d6): **300%**
- Stable rate func (deprecated): N/A
- Borrow Enabled: **Yes**
- [Isolation Borrowable](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.8.1.5.1.20_Isolated_Borrow-9acac8ca-3870-4680-ae38-1ba3deb09fe3|57eaf45219be608847d6bfdb): **No**
- Stable Rate Borrowing: **No**

> - [Siloed Borrowing](https://docs.spark.fi/defi-infrastructure/sparklend#siloed-borrowing): **No**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Siloed Borrowing](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.8.1.5.1.21_Siloed_Borrowing_Enabled_Definition-2683581e-34fd-4025-b3ef-a46fc19ec855|57eaf45219be608847d6): **No**
```

- [Flash Loan](https://docs.sparkprotocol.io/developers/guides/flash-loans) Enabled: **Yes**
- [Loan To Value](https://docs.aave.com/risk/asset-risk/risk-parameters#loan-to-value): **65%**
- [Liquidation Threshold](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.8.1.5.1.5_Liquidation_Threshold_Definition-9170a423-fba1-4fbe-83c4-f55f2510a9db|57eaf45219be608847d6): **70%**

> - Liquidation Bonus: **8%**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Liquidation Bonus](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.8.1.5.1.7_Liquidation_Bonus_Definition-c5e7dbac-42f7-4c53-9e89-fa699cd9d5b5|57eaf45219be608847d6): **8%**
```

- [Reserve Factor](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.8.1.5.1.8_Reserve_Factor_Definition-3f82c59f-c575-4975-8e1b-653136c3f1fd|57eaf45219be608847d6): **20%**
- [Supply Cap](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.8.1.5.1.9_Supply_Cap_Definition-75575b79-9a3c-4601-9c57-dd2f7f48e285|57eaf45219be608847d6): **500 cbBTC**
- [Supply Cap Absolute Maximum Exposure (`max`)](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.8.1.5.4.1.3_Cap_Automator_Absolute_Maximum_Exposure_Definition-a01eec5b-64d9-42fa-ae44-b27d22e14a42|57eaf45219be6088aa1c4806): **3,000 cbBTC**
- [Supply Cap Target Available Exposure (`gap`)](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io#A.3.8.1.5.4.1.1_Cap_Automator_Target_Available_Exposure_Definition-78ec4709-3773-4f20-b3ef-d58d29f302c2|57eaf45219be6088aa1c4806): **500 cbBTC**
- [Supply Cap Automator Cooldown Period (`ttl`)](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.8.1.5.4.1.2_Cap_Automator_Cooldown_Period_Definition-670fadea-2b37-4e54-931a-01c3487b28f9|57eaf45219be6088aa1c4806): **12 hours**

> - [Borrow Cap](https://docs.sparkprotocol.io/developers/features/supply-borrow-caps#borrow-caps): **50 cbBTC**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [Borrow Cap](https://sky-atlas.powerhouse.io/#A.3.8.1.5.1.10_Borrow_Cap_Definition-fb930369-4ebc-4de0-9414-0a029857bc24|57eaf45219be608847d6): **50 cbBTC**
```
I'm not sure, shouldn't we use the Atlas definition in this case, like we do for the Supply?

---
title: Template - [Executive Vote] SBE Reconfiguration, Sky Ecosystem Liquidity Bootstrapping, August 2024 Aligned Delegate Compensation, and Spark Proxy Spell - September 27, 2024
summary: Smart Burn Engine reconfiguration with updated parameters, USDS and SKY Transfers for Sky Ecosystem Liquidity Bootstrapping, August MKR and DAI Aligned Delegate Compensation, and trigger Spark Proxy Spell.
date: 2024-09-27T00:00:00.000Z
address: "$spell_address"

---
# [Executive Proposal] SBE Reconfiguration, Sky Ecosystem Liquidity Bootstrapping, August 2024 Aligned Delegate Compensation, and Spark Proxy Spell - September 27, 2024

The Governance Facilitators, Sidestream, and Dewiz have placed an executive proposal into the voting system. MKR/SKY Holders should vote for this proposal if they support the following alterations to the Sky Protocol.

If you are new to voting in the Sky Protocol, please see the [voting guide](https://manual.makerdao.com/governance/voting-in-makerdao/on-chain-governance) to learn how voting works.

---

## Executive Summary

If this executive proposal passes, the following **actions** will occur within the Sky Protocol:

> - Smart Burn Engine (SBE) reconfiguration featuring a new contract deployment that is changing the nature of the SBE. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Smart Burn Engine (SBE) will be reconfigured featuring a new contract deployment that is changing the nature of the SBE. 
```
It can also be formulated as "Reconfigure Smart Burn Engine (SBE),featuring...", but in its current form the sentence is missing the verb.

- **Proposal**: [Forum Post](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/atlas-edit-weekly-cycle-proposal-week-of-2024-09-23/25179)

If this executive proposal passes, then **10 million USDS** and **320 million SKY** will be transferred to the Sky Ecosystem Liquidity Bootstrapping multisig at [0xD8507ef0A59f37d15B5D7b630FA6EEa40CE4AFdD](https://etherscan.io/address/0xD8507ef0A59f37d15B5D7b630FA6EEa40CE4AFdD).

To facilitate the transfer of USDS the following actions will occur:
- Transfer 10 million Dai from the [Surplus Buffer](https://manual.makerdao.com/parameter-index/core/param-system-surplus-buffer) to the [Pause Proxy](https://etherscan.io/address/0xbe8e3e3618f7474f8cb1d074a26affef007e98fb).
- Convert this Dai to USDS using the [DAI_USDS](https://etherscan.io/address/0x3225737a9Bbb6473CB4a45b7244ACa2BeFdB276A) converter.
- Transfer the resulting 10 million USDS to the destination address.

To facilitate the transfer of SKY the following actions will occur:
- Convert 13,334 MKR held within the [Pause Proxy](https://etherscan.io/address/0xbe8e3e3618f7474f8cb1d074a26affef007e98fb) to SKY using the [MKR_SKY](https://etherscan.io/address/0xBDcFCA946b6CDd965f99a839e4435Bcdc1bc470B) converter.

> - Transfer 320,000,000 SKY to the destination address.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- Transfer 320 million SKY to the destination address.
```
